Module 1 theory

1. C tokens - keywords, identifiers, constant, strings, special symbols, operators
2. Data types (Primary, Derived, user defined)
3. Operator precedence
4. goto , continue, break and return differences
5. While and do while differences

Module 1 programs

1. Prime number(using while or for)
2. Sum of digits
3. Reverse of digits
4. Armstrong number
5. Simple calculator using switch
6. Strong number

Module 2 Theory

1. One dimensional array declaration and initialisation
2. Two dimensional array declaration and initialisation
3. Typdef and enumeration
4. String declaration and initialisation
5. String handling functions

Module 2 programs- String

1. Palindrome without using any string functions
2. Reverse a string, concatenate a string, length of a sting without using any string functions
3. Vowels, consonant and lines
4. Words, lines

Module 2 programs- Arrays

1. Sum and avg of n natural numbers
2. Sum and avg of odd/even numbers
3. Matrix multiplication
4. Matrix addition
5. Transpose of a matrix
6. Linear search
7. Bubble sort

Module 3 - Theory

1. Function definition and structure
2. Formal and actual parameters
3. Recursive function
4. Parameter passing
5. Passing arrays (1D & 2D) elements to functions
6. Storage classes 
7. Structure and union definition and differences
8. Passing structures to functions
9. Types of functions (Library and user defined)
10. Types of user defined functions (4 types)

Module 3- Programs

1. Passing arrays (1D & 2D) elements to functions
2. Passing structures to functions
3. Using Structure read data and display
4. Using union read data and display

Module 4 - Theory

1. Pointer definition
2. Pointer declaration and initialisation
3. NULL pointer
4. File definition
5. File types (Text and binary)
6. File operations
7. File opening mode
8. File handling functions
9. Call by reference in pointers

Module 4- Programs

1. Do the following using pointers
    i) add two numbers
    ii) swap two numbers using user defined function
2. Input and Print the elements of an array using pointers
3. Compute sum of the elements stored in an array using pointers and user defined functions.
4. Create a file and perform the following
    i) Write data to the file
    ii) Read the data in a given file & display the file content on console
    iii) append new data and display on console
5. Open a text input file and count number of characters, words and lines in it; and store the results in an output file.
